Judge: Will the suspect please take the stand?
Mr. Goofy, is it?

Goofy: A hyuh, yuh!

Judge: Mr. Goofy, you are here today being charged with mass homicide—

Goofy: A-yuh!

Judge: And your lawyer is here, present? Am I correct?

Lawyer: Yes, I'm his lawyer, Joe Rosenberg, I'll be representing him here today in court

Judge: Now from what I see here there is strong evidence supporting the mass shooting, it looks like here, you were caught in broad daylight on CCTV (gorsh) holding an AR-7

Goofy: Eyup!

Judge: So you're admitting that the man in this footage is you, correct?

Goofy: Huh huh, yuh!

Judge: So you do admit that this very same footage, right here, from the very same CCTV of you massacring a public Elementary School is you as well?

Goofy: A-hyuh hyuh hyuh gorsh!

Judge: Is that a yes?

Goofy: A-hyuh hyuh!

Judge: Can I get a yes, Mr. Goofy?

Lawyer: I object, my client has done nothing wrong

Judge: He killed twenty-seven children and crippled five!

Lawyer: He's clinically insane, Your Honor, he's crazy!

Judge: Mr. Goofy, this is not a laughing matter

Lawyer: I told you, he's insane. His wife miscarried

Judge: Mr. Goofy, what do you have to say for yourself?

Goofy: A-hee hyuh guilty!

Lawyer: Your Honor, my client would like to plead Insanity

Goofy: A-hyuh hyuh nope!

Judge: Wait-wait hold on, Mr. Goofy you are saying that you were conscious?

Goofy: Hyuh!

Judge: You were conscious and aware of your actions, is that correct?

Goofy: Hah hah, eyup!

Lawyer: Goofy! Goofy what are you, what the fuck are you doing?

Goofy: Hyuh hyuh, gorsh I did it!

Judge: Mr. Rosenberg, looks like your client has decided to come clean...

Lawyer: Holy fucking shit. Your Honor, I would like to call for a Recess I would like to talk to my client in private

Judge: (Sigh) Fine. You have five minutes

Lawyer: Thank you, Your Honor

Judge: You have five minutes

Lawyer: Thank you, Your Honor
Goofy, Goofy get the fuck over here!

Goofy: E-Hyuh hyah hah I did it!

Lawyer: Goofy, come here, Goofy, Goofy, come here, listen to me. Okay? Alright, Goofy, Goofy, you're on thin ice right now. You're on thin ice buddy, come on. Shape up

Goofy: I did it!

Lawyer: Yeah, yeah I know you did it, yeah, we all know you fuckin' did it, okay? But we can get you off! We can get you off!

Goofy: E-hyah I'm a murderer!

Lawyer: We all know you're guilty. Look, Goofy, I'm Mickey's best lawyer, okay? He wanted me on this case because he cares about you

Goofy: I'll fuckin' do it again!

Lawyer: Okay, Goofy, do you want to go to jail?

Goofy: Nope!

Lawyer: Do you want to go to a psychiatric ward?

Goofy: Nope!

Lawyer: No? Then you say that you're not guilty. You didn't do it

Goofy: But I did!

Lawyer: Yeah, I know you fuckin' did it but just say that you didn't!

Goofy: A-hyuh hyuh g-gorsh!

Lawyer: Okay Goofy, you gotta take this seriously. You killed twenty-seven children, okay and we all know that, we all know that but I can get you out of this! Do you know how much money Mickey put on the line for this? Do you know how much money he's paying? He's doing this just for you, because he cares about you! If not for me, do this for Mickey!

Goofy: Mmokay!

Lawyer: I don't care about losing the case, just do it for Mickey!

Goofy: Hah hah okay!

Lawyer: Goofy!

Goofy: Hah hah, MURDER!

Lawyer: Goofy, shut the fuck up! Why?

Goofy: I love murder
The demons told me to!

Lawyer: Goofy, fuck! Shut the fuck up! Goofy!

Judge: Guilty

Goofy: Dying children!
